Richard	  D’Lonesteen	  
	  

City	  rd,	  
London	  
EC1Y	  2AG	  
07564059192	  
Richardlonesteen@gmail.com	  
www.undersky.co.uk/home	  	  
	  

Summary	  
	  

After	  University	  I	  had	  a	  unique	  opportunity	  to	  do	  something	  adventurous.	  	  So	  I	  and	  eventually	  
another	  person	  started	  working	  on	  a	  project	  that	  we	  called	  Undersky.co.uk.	  	  It	  was	  an	  exciting	  
journey	  during	  which	  I	  have	  learned	  a	  lot	  about	  starting	  a	  business.	  From	  doing	  the	  research	  
and	  writing	  a	  business	  plan	  to	  doing	  presentation	  in	  competitions	  and	  in	  front	  of	  potential	  
investors.	  	  
But	  most	  importantly	  I	  fell	  in	  love	  with	  Ruby-­‐on-­‐Rails	  and	  the	  whole	  development	  process.	  	  
Prior	  to	  this	  project	  I	  didn’t	  really	  have	  much	  web	  development	  experience	  apart	  from	  some	  
small	  projects	  in	  college	  with	  ASP.net	  and	  php.	  And	  in	  university	  we	  were	  concentrating	  on	  
C++,	  C#,	  JAVA	  and	  various	  design	  platforms.	  Over	  the	  duration	  of	  Undersky	  project	  I	  have	  
learned	  quite	  a	  lot	  about	  RoR,	  CSS	  (bootstrap),	  JavaScript,	  jQuery	  and	  SQL.	  	  
It	  was	  a	  tough	  journey,	  learning	  everything	  from	  scratch	  on	  my	  own	  while	  working	  on	  it.	  Due	  
to	  this	  journey	  I	  really	  feel	  confident	  enough	  to	  join	  a	  team	  and	  actively	  contribute	  to	  new	  
projects.	  
	  

Education	  

	  
2009-­‐2012	  –	  Staffordshire	  University,	  BSc.	  Computer	  game	  design	  and	  programming	  (2.1)	  
2007-­‐2009	  –	  Worcester	  College	  of	  Technology,	  Software	  Development	  (DDM)	  	  
	  

Work	  experience	  

	  
2013-­‐2014	  –	  Undersky.co.uk,	  Start-­‐up	  Co-­‐founder	  and	  developer	  
	  
Undersky	  was	  an	  idea	  based	  on	  belief	  that	  our	  neighbourhoods	  can	  be	  friendlier,	  safer	  
and	  more	  sociable	  for	  everyone.	  Thus	  we	  wanted	  to	  create	  a	  private	  social	  network	  for	  
neighbours	  that	  would	  include	  hire	  and	  rental	  market	  of	  underutilized	  items,	  and	  a	  
skill-­‐sharing	  platform.	  Most	  of	  the	  time	  there	  were	  only	  two	  of	  us	  working	  on	  it.	  I	  was	  
responsible	  for	  the	  research,	  planning,	  designing	  and	  programming	  of	  the	  platform.	  	  
	  
2013-­‐2014	  –	  St.	  Davids	  Hotel,	  restaurant	  assistant	  	  
	  
This	  was	  an	  easy	  and	  relaxing	  part-­‐time	  social	  job	  that	  kept	  me	  afloat	  while	  I	  was	  
working	  on	  the	  start-­‐up.	  	  
	  

Core	  software	  skills	  
	  

Ruby-­‐on-­‐Rails	  –	  Rspec	  -­‐CSS	  –	  JavaScript	  –	  SQL	  -­‐	  jQuery	  
Bootstrap	  –	  HTML	  –	  SQL	  -­‐	  Adobe	  Photoshop	  –	  Adobe	  Fireworks	  –	  Adobe	  Illustrator	  

