Dropbox Quick Start


What is Dropbox?
Dropbox is a free service that lets you bring all your photos, docs, and videos anywhere. Any file you
save to your Dropbox will also automatically save to all your computers, phones, and even the Dropbox
website. This means that you can start working on your computer at school or the office, and finish on
your home computer. Never email yourself a file again!




The Dropbox Folder
After you install Dropbox on your computer, a Dropbox folder is created. If you’re reading this guide,
then that means you had no problems finding your Dropbox folder :). This folder is just like any other
folder on your computer, but with a twist. Any file you save to your Dropbox folder is also saved to all
your other computers, phones, and the Dropbox website.


On top of your Dropbox is a green icon that lets you know how your Dropbox is doing:


	         Green circle and check: All the files in your Dropbox are up to date.


	         Blue circle and arrows: Files in your Dropbox are currently being updated.
Adding files to your Dropbox


Step 1 Drag and drop a file into your Dropbox folder.




Step 2 The blue icon means your file’s syncing with Dropbox.




That’s it! The green icon means that your ﬁle has finished saving
to your other computers and the Dropbox website. Now that your
file’s in Dropbox, any changes made to it will be automatically
detected and updated to your other computers.




The Dropbox Right-click/Context Menu
When you Right-Click (Windows/Linux) or Control-Click (Mac) a ﬁle or folder in your Dropbox, you’ll see a
menu that lets you do a few neat things with Dropbox:


•	   Share a Folder Invite your friends, family and teammates to a folder in your Dropbox. It’ll be as if you
     saved that folder straight to their computers.
•	   View Previous Versions View a record of changes made to a file. You can choose to go back to an
     earlier version of a file if you’d like.
•	   Browse on Dropbox Website View a ﬁle on the Dropbox website.
•	   Get Link Make a link to any file or folder in your Dropbox. You can then send this link to anyone you’d
     like to view the file — even if they don’t have Dropbox!
The Dropbox Tray/Menu bar icon
The Dropbox tray or menu bar icon is located on the bottom (Windows) or top (Mac/Linux) of your
screen, and lets you check the status and settings of your Dropbox. The same green, blue, and red icons
that appear on the ﬁles and folders in your Dropbox also appear over this icon to let you know the sta-
tus of your Dropbox.


Right-clicking this icon gives you a few options:
•	   Open your Dropbox folder, the Dropbox website, or the Dropbox help center.
•	   See which ﬁles were recently changed.
•	   View an estimate of how long it will take Dropbox to finish updating files.
•	   Change preferences for your connection, Dropbox folder location, and more.


What do I do now?
Try dragging some photos or docs into your Dropbox. Then visit the Dropbox website at
https://www.dropbox.com. When you log in, your files will be waiting for you!


To learn more about Dropbox, take our tour at http://www.dropbox.com/tour or visit the help center at
http://www.dropbox.com/help.
Frequently Asked Questions

How much does Dropbox cost?
Dropbox is free! If you run out of space, visit https://www.dropbox.com/plans to view our available sub-
scriptions.


How much space does my Dropbox have?
Free accounts come with 2GB of space (deleted ﬁles and revisions won’t count against your limit). You
can always check your usage by visiting your account settings page at https://www.dropbox.com/ac-
count.


How long until my ﬁles are fully synced?
Dropbox will download as fast or as slow as your network allows, and will try its best to not hog your
connection. If you’d like to limit your upload or download rates, you can change them in Dropbox’s pref-
erences. For step by step instructions, visit the help article at https://www.dropbox.com/help/26.


Dropbox is fast! How could it have possibly synced all of my ﬁles in that time?
Dropbox will look to see if it already has the ﬁle you’re trying to upload. If it senses that it already has the
file, it won’t bother to upload it again. If the ﬁle has been changed recently, it will only upload/download
the changes rather than the whole thing.


How secure is Dropbox?
Dropbox takes the security of your files and of our software very seriously. Dropbox uses Secure Socket
Layer (SSL) and AES-256 encryption. AES-256 is the same encryption standard used by banks to secure
customer data.


Can I access Dropbox on my mobile device?
The Dropbox App is available for iPhone, iPad, Android, and Blackberry. To install Dropbox on your
mobile device, visit http://www.dropbox.com/mobile. You can also get to your Dropbox at any time by
visiting http://www.dropbox.com from your phone.
